Added a note for Ironic (#60224)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ipi-install-configuring-the-install-config-file.adoc

sshKey: '<ssh_pub_key>'
----
+
--
<1> Scale the worker machines based on the number of worker nodes that are part of the {product-title} cluster. Valid options for the `replicas` value are `0` and integers greater than or equal to `2`. Set the number of replicas to `0` to deploy a three-node cluster, which contains only three control plane machines. A three-node cluster is a smaller, more resource-efficient cluster that can be used for testing, development, and production. You cannot install the cluster with only one worker.
<2> When deploying a cluster with static IP addresses, you must set the `bootstrapExternalStaticIP` configuration setting to specify the static IP address of the bootstrap VM when there is no DHCP server on the `baremetal` network.
<3> When deploying a cluster with static IP addresses, you must set the `bootstrapExternalStaticGateway` configuration setting to specify the gateway IP address for the bootstrap VM when there is no DHCP server on the `baremetal` network.
<4> See the BMC addressing sections for more options.
<5> To set the path to the installation disk drive, enter the kernel name of the disk. For example, `/dev/sda`.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> Because the disk discovery order is not guaranteed, the kernel name of the disk can change across booting options for machines with multiple disks. For instance, `/dev/sda` becomes `/dev/sdb` and vice versa.

Reviewer: My question is how would using `/dev/sda` avoid the issue that it is previously purported to cause?

> Because the disk discovery order is not guaranteed, the kernel name of the disk can change across booting options for machines with multiple disks. For instance, `/dev/sda` becomes `/dev/sdb` and vice versa.

Reviewer 2: - the original issue was the example using a not working value `/dev/disk/by-id/...` with the `deviceName` directive and `/dev/sda` solves that
- however, given the fact that `/dev/sda` might not be reliable, we added an admonition advising the use of the `wwnWithExtension` directive for such case

sshKey: '<ssh_pub_key>'
----
+
--
<1> Scale the worker machines based on the number of worker nodes that are part of the {product-title} cluster. Valid options for the `replicas` value are `0` and integers greater than or equal to `2`. Set the number of replicas to `0` to deploy a three-node cluster, which contains only three control plane machines. A three-node cluster is a smaller, more resource-efficient cluster that can be used for testing, development, and production. You cannot install the cluster with only one worker.
<2> When deploying a cluster with static IP addresses, you must set the `bootstrapExternalStaticIP` configuration setting to specify the static IP address of the bootstrap VM when there is no DHCP server on the `baremetal` network.
<3> When deploying a cluster with static IP addresses, you must set the `bootstrapExternalStaticGateway` configuration setting to specify the gateway IP address for the bootstrap VM when there is no DHCP server on the `baremetal` network.
<4> See the BMC addressing sections for more options.
<5> Set the path to the installation disk drive, for example, `/dev/disk/by-id/wwn-0x64cd98f04fde100024684cf3034da5c2`.
+
[IMPORTANT]
====

> For Ironic, to set the path to the installation disk drive, enter the kernel name of the disk. For example `/dev/sda`. Alternatively, to set the disk WWN, replace the `deviceName` parameter with the `wwnWithExtension` parameter.

Reviewer 2: Ironic is the underlying technology of the OpenShift IPI installer for bare-metal, it is not a special case.

```suggestion
Because the disk discovery order is not guaranteed, the kernel name of the disk can change across boots for machines with multiple disks (e.g. `/dev/sda` becomes `/dev/sdb` and vice-versa).
To avoid this issue, it is recommended to use persistent disk attributes like its WWN. To use the disk WWN, replace the `deviceName` parameter with the `wwnWithExtension` parameter and the disk name with the disk WWN, e.g. `"0x64cd98f04fde100024684cf3034da5c2"` (quoting is important because it must be used as a string value and not an hexadecimal value).
```
